README.md, before:

# Jyll
An educational online multiplayer game on sustainable development.

# Installation

## Backend

The website uses a Django backend with a mysql database.
Therefore, functional python3 and mysql installations are required to follow this document.

All terminal commands in this section should be run in the backend/ directory:
```
cd backend
```

Note: mysql can be replaced with mariaDB without any additional steps.

#### Installing python dependencies (one time)
Create a new python virtual environment and activate it:
```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```
Your prompt should now be prefixed with (venv).

Install the backend's dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Setting up the database and mysql user (one time)
In a mysql command prompt, create a new database and user:
```
CREATE DATABASE jyll;
CREATE USER 'jyll'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'password';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON jyll.* TO 'jyll'@'localhost';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON test_jyll.* TO 'jyll'@'localhost';
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
```
You can now migrate the database using a terminal:
```
python manage.py migrate
```

#### Running the web server (every time)
Start the django web server:
```
python manage.py runserver
```
The project should now be running [at this address](http://localhost:8000/)

#### About the virtual environment
The virtual environment can be exited using the following command:
```
deactivate
```
It is required to reactivate it after each reboot:
```
source venv/bin/activate
```

## Frontend

Coming soon~

Commit message:

Init front (#13)
* Install React / Redux / Typescript / ESLint / Prettier

* Add signup without redux

* Merge frontend and backend ReadMe

* Update requirements.txt

* Add login handling with Redux (sorry for the huge commit)

* Fix format

* Rename showSignup => shouldShowSignup

* Move redux connects to .container.tsx files

* The typed window is a lie

* Remove useless test file

README.md, after:

# Jyll
An educational online multiplayer game on sustainable development.

# Installation

## Backend

The website uses a Django backend with a mysql database.
Therefore, functional python3 and mysql installations are required to follow this document.

All terminal commands in this section should be run in the backend/ directory:
```
cd backend
```

Note: mysql can be replaced with mariaDB without any additional steps.

#### Installing python dependencies (one time)
Create a new python virtual environment and activate it:
```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```
Your prompt should now be prefixed with (venv).

Install the backend's dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Setting up the database and mysql user (one time)
In a mysql command prompt, create a new database and user:
```
CREATE DATABASE jyll;
CREATE USER 'jyll'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'password';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON jyll.* TO 'jyll'@'localhost';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON test_jyll.* TO 'jyll'@'localhost';
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
```
You can now migrate the database using a terminal:
```
python manage.py migrate
```

#### Running the web server (every time)
Start the django web server:
```
python manage.py runserver
```
The project should now be running [at this address](http://localhost:8000/)

#### About the virtual environment
The virtual environment can be exited using the following command:
```
deactivate
```
It is required to reactivate it after each reboot:
```
source venv/bin/activate
```

## Frontend

The website relies on React.js for its frontend. Therefore, an operational node
installation is required to run it.
You may use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to easily install and manage
multiple node versions.

All terminal commands in this section should be run in the frontend/ directory:
```
cd frontend
```

#### Installing node packages (one time)
Install all packages listed in package-lock.json:
```
npm i
```

#### Running the app (every time)
Start the React app:
```
npm start
```
A browser window should automatically open.

#### About package.json
Additional utility scripts may be added in the package.json file. See the 
corresponding "scripts" key for an exhaustive list.
